# Introduction
This document serves as a general outline for qualities and regulations when contributing to the Canvas-Application repository. If you would like more detailed information about guidelines for writing code, talk to the project maintainer (Ibukun) by Discord.
# Issues
Issues are the start of all major coding endeavors on GitHub. They serve as an overview of the bug, feature, or question at hand before work begins on the task. This helps to make our team eliminate miscommunication and increase efficiency by laying out everything that needs to be done in one place. When you create an issue, be sure to follow the closest template for what you are writing about. In addition, you must provide a detailed array of information to the table and ensure that a similar issue has not yet been created.
## Features
Feature requests are necessary to continuously improve Canvas-Application. If you have an idea for new integrations, be sure to add it as an issue. When writing a request, remember to be as detailed as possible. Provide information on how you may implement the feature, and if any problems may arise in other pieces of code when the feature is implemented. If you want, you can include code snippets and screenshots to help others understand your new idea. In addition to the above, make sure that you label your issue as an enhancement. This will help to properly categorize all of the issues we have. Remember that not all feature requests will be added to a final stable release, although we'll always look into adding them.
## Bugs
Bug reporting is the most crucial category of issue. When a bug exists in our codebase, it becomes significantly more vulnerable to security issues, not to mention that crashes and other errors will occur more frequently. With this in mind, if you find a bug, you should report it as soon as possible. Bug descriptions should be detailed and include information about the device the bug was found on, what was supposed to happen, what happened, and any potential methods to solve it. Before posting, ensure that you have the bug tag on your issue. This will prioritize it in front of other issues and serve as a method to organize them. Remember that security vulnerabilities need to be disclosed over Discord in Bug channel.
## Pull Requests
Pull requests should generally be formatted similar to that of issues. For example, follow the default template for making pull requests as closely as possible, although adding additional sections and information is encouraged. When you create a new pull request, you must highlight all files which have been added, removed, or changed from their previous state. Additionally, give information on the most important technical changes made in such revisions, including if any bugs were removed or new features added. It is also important to add a review to your pull request, as they will ensure your code is ready to be merged. If there are more than twenty commits in a branch, it is recommended that you use a squashed merge.
## General Questions
If you want to open an issue over a general question, it's important that you first look into previous issues to see if your question has been already answered. If your question does not directly relate to Canvas-Application, try looking at Stack Overflow or Google. In the instance that you cannot find information about your question from external sources, ensure that you attach the sources you have reviewed in the issue you create. Lastly, add the question label to your issue before submitting it.
# Governance
People who interact with the Canvas-Application repository have different abilities, which are determined by their level of governance. There are three levels, which include users, contributors, and project maintainers.
## Users
Users have the lowest set of allowed abilities, however, additionally do not require any special permissions. The user-level allows for persons to access packaged versions of software in a separate public repository. At the same time, they cannot edit, upload, or otherwise change code in any way.
## Maintainers
Maintainers are a small group of people who are able to fully manage the repository. This includes deleting it, managing contributors, and adding webhooks to the project, among other abilities.
## Contributors
Anybody who is part of the private Canvas-Application repository is either a contributor or maintainer. Contributors have the ability to edit and upload code, however cannot manage repository settings. A list of contributors and their names can be found in the main README file for this repository.
# Support
In order to get support with the Canvas-Application repository, check the Support section of the project's README file. Overall, we recommend either writing an issue on GitHub or contacting a project member through our Discord server.
